Add High Level Intro and Architecture (#15449)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/high-level-intro.rst

Diagram 2:

.. figure:: arch-intro-2.png
   :alt: Three Domains with five Participant Nodes, each hosting one or more parties. Domains A (HL Fabric) and B (Ethereum) have two Domain Nodes each, while Domain C (SQL) has a single Domain Node. Each Participant Node can connect to different Domain Nodes across different Domains.

Transfer Example Using Daml
***************************

Consider the transfer example described above with Alice and Bob. Using Daml, the process looks like this:
#. Alice logs into her online banking at Bank A and enters a transfer to Bob at Bank B.
#. The online banking backend creates a transaction that deducts $100 from Alice’s account and creates a transfer to Bob at Bank B. 
#. When Bank B accepts the transfer, Bank A credits $100 to Bank B’s account at Bank A and Bank B simultaneously credits Bob’s account by $100.
#. Bob’s online banking interfaces with the Daml Ledger and can see the incoming funds in real time.

At every point, ownership of the $100 is completely clear and all systems are fully consistent. 

Next Steps
**********

The suggested next steps are:

> * Learn about the Daml language and the Daml Ledger Model. :doc:`Writing Daml <daml/intro/0_Intro>` will introduce you to the basics of a Daml contract, the Daml Ledger model, and the core features of the Daml language. You’ll notice that testing your contracts, including :doc:`testing for failures <daml/intro/2_DamlScript.html#test-for-failure>`, is presented very early in this introduction. We strongly recommend that you write tests as part of the initial development of every Daml project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Learn about the Daml language and the Daml Ledger Model. :doc:`Writing Daml <daml/intro/0_Intro>` will introduce you to the basics of a Daml contract, the Daml Ledger model, and the core features of the Daml language. You’ll notice that testing your contracts, including :ref:`testing for failures<intro_2_failure>`, is presented very early in this introduction. We strongly recommend that you write tests as part of the initial development of every Daml project.
```

You cannot link to an HTML document because it's the output of the RST and it doesn't exist while you're processing the RST itself.

> * Learn about Operating a Daml application and Canton.

Reviewer: From the capitalization it looks like a link is missing here.
